doc(README_json README_shell): clarify the usage of PLAT argument (#37)
intel/iotg_tsn_ref_sw: README_json.md

AF_PACKET or AF_XDP sockets using libopen62541 (OPCUA-based library) APIs. It
accepts only 1 .json.i file as input.

**NOTE:** The `PLAT` command line argument refers to either the CPU platform 

> or the ethernet controller (e.g. the [i225](shell/i225)), see in [shell folder](shell) 

Reviewer: this should change to json instead of shell.

Author: Fixed, thank you!

> **NOTE:** The `PLAT` command line argument can be refered to either the CPU platform 
> or the ethernet controller (e.g. the [i225](shell/i225)), see in [shell folder](shell) 
> the avaible platforms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The `PLAT` command line argument refers to either the CPU platform 
or the ethernet controller (e.g. the [i225](shell/i225)), see in [shell folder](shell) 
the available platforms.
```
